Add notice about end of life and link to the new module (#14)
PrestaShop/blocklanguages: Readme.md

# Language block

---

**This module has reached end-of-life and is no longer maintained.**

It has been remade for PrestaShop 1.7: https://github.com/PrestaShop/ps_languageselector

---

## About

> Adds a block allowing customers to select a language for your store\'s content in PrestaShop 1.6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a block allowing customers to select a language for your store's content in PrestaShop 1.6.
```
